README.md, before:

# @react-nano

Tiny, powerful and type-safe React libraries. All released under a liberal license: [zlib/libpng](https://github.com/Lusito/react-nano/blob/master/LICENSE)

## Libraries

- [@react-nano/redux](packages/redux/README.md)\
Lightweight alternative to react-redux.
- [@react-nano/redux-dynamic-modules](packages/redux-dynamic-modules/README.md)\
Making redux-dynamic-modules more lightweight by using @react-nano/redux instead of react-redux.
- [@react-nano/router](packages/router/README.md)\
Lightweight alternative to react-router.
- [@react-nano/tsrux](packages/tsrux/README.md)\
Lightweight alternative to redux-actions, deox, etc.
- [@react-nano/use-event-source](packages/use-event-source/README.md)\
Hook for using [Server-Sent-Events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/packages/Web/API/Server-sent_events).
- [@react-nano/use-fetch](packages/use-fetch/README.md)\
Hook for using `fetch()` to GET, POST, etc. requests.
- [@react-nano/use-graphql](packages/use-graphql/README.md)\
Hook for using GraphQL queries and mutations.

## Report Issues

Something not working quite as expected? Do you need a feature that has not been implemented yet? Check the [issue tracker](https://github.com/Lusito/react-nano/issues) and add a new one if your problem is not already listed. Please try to provide a detailed description of your problem, including the steps to reproduce it.

## Contribute

Awesome! If you would like to contribute with a new feature or submit a bugfix, fork this repo and send a pull request. Please, make sure all the unit tests are passing before submitting and add new ones in case you introduced new features.

## License

@react-nano has been released under the [zlib/libpng](https://github.com/Lusito/react-nano/blob/master/LICENSE) license, meaning you
can use it free of charge, without strings attached in commercial and non-commercial projects. Credits are appreciated but not mandatory.

Commit message:

feat: add header key support to EventSource API

README.md, after:

# @react-nano

Tiny, powerful and type-safe React libraries. All released under a liberal license: [zlib/libpng](https://github.com/Lusito/react-nano/blob/master/LICENSE)

## Libraries

- [@react-nano/redux](packages/redux/README.md)\
Lightweight alternative to react-redux.
- [@react-nano/redux-dynamic-modules](packages/redux-dynamic-modules/README.md)\
Making redux-dynamic-modules more lightweight by using @react-nano/redux instead of react-redux.
- [@react-nano/router](packages/router/README.md)\
Lightweight alternative to react-router.
- [@react-nano/tsrux](packages/tsrux/README.md)\
Lightweight alternative to redux-actions, deox, etc.
- [@react-nano/use-event-source](packages/use-event-source/README.md)\
Hook for using [Server-Sent-Events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/packages/Web/API/Server-sent_events) and support custom header keys.
- [@react-nano/use-fetch](packages/use-fetch/README.md)\
Hook for using `fetch()` to GET, POST, etc. requests.
- [@react-nano/use-graphql](packages/use-graphql/README.md)\
Hook for using GraphQL queries and mutations.

## Report Issues

Something not working quite as expected? Do you need a feature that has not been implemented yet? Check the [issue tracker](https://github.com/Lusito/react-nano/issues) and add a new one if your problem is not already listed. Please try to provide a detailed description of your problem, including the steps to reproduce it.

## Contribute

Awesome! If you would like to contribute with a new feature or submit a bugfix, fork this repo and send a pull request. Please, make sure all the unit tests are passing before submitting and add new ones in case you introduced new features.

## License

@react-nano has been released under the [zlib/libpng](https://github.com/Lusito/react-nano/blob/master/LICENSE) license, meaning you
can use it free of charge, without strings attached in commercial and non-commercial projects. Credits are appreciated but not mandatory.
